Okay, so
our last example was kind of silly.
In that, the function really do anything,
it just have a button that you click and
then it was done.
And it just took you back to the R prompt.
It also has a cancel button by
default that will stop the gadget and
just return your R prompt
to quit the server running.
Okay, so now let's just show you how
you can include some arguments in your
Shiny Gadget, and we're going to do
some just simple manipulations of
course just because we're going to try and
show it in its simplest version, and
I think once you get
the gist of how to code it,
then you can figure out how to
do it with your own application.
So, let's go through the code.
The code here has two parts because it
was just hard to fit on the screen.
So, here's the first part, and
then the second page is the second part.
So remember, of course,
our shiny gadget has to have the UI part,
in this case we're again doing mini page.
And then the server part, okay?
And of course, we have to have
our two libraries loaded up so
just make sure, you have that, okay.
So, our gadget title is just
going to be multiply to numbers
are a content panels so
this is new right here.
Mini content panels so
that's just going to be main body
of the little pane there, okay.
And it's going to have selector input,
which is going to be like a drag down box,
and it's going to have two variables, the
variable one is going to be labeled num1,
and num2, so if we have to reference them
later, they're going to have that name.
And then these are the displayed labels
and the choices are right here and
the choices come from this two arguments
right here in the function, okay.
So, that's going to display
our user-interface.
And then our server, okay.
Again, it's going to have input,
output, and session.
We're still going to have the input$done.
Variable in the observe event, just to let
Shiny know that when it's done to quit.
And then, we're going to remember
to have this curly braces here.
Remember that kind of odd
syntax that Shiny has.
So just probably the number one
mistake everyone makes in coding Shiny
applications is forgetting to put
the curly braces in, in the right spot or
forgetting to close a brace and
that sort of thing.
Okay, so we're just going to actually
name in this environment a num1 and
num2 as the just input values just so
that there are easier to work with, okay.
And then we're going to
multiply them together.
And the stopApp function is just
going to tell it to stop and
display the result of
num1 multiply times num2.
And remember we have to have
a runGadget in there and
it specify what is the UI and
what is the server.
So technically you could name UI and
server something else.
But by convention I
think no one does that.
Okay, so let's go to the code
demonstration and see how it works.
Okay, so I have my function that I
copied from the R mark down document.
Let's just make sure I've got
the two libraries loaded.
Okay, now let's run our function.
I've already run it before, I'm sorry,
I already went over all the components
before, but now let's actually
see what happens when we run it.
Okay, so, obviously nothing, because
this is just defining the function.
Now let's do it, there is it, good.
And let's give as choices
the numbers 1:10 and 1:10.
Let's say we're learning our
multiplication tables and
we want this to help us check them.
So I want to do 4 and 7,
hopefully it will give me 28.
And then when I click done.
Go back in the R pane, see it gave you 28.
Okay, so this is just a baby step
towards some really useful things.
But we were able to put in some choices,
select among them and
then have R do some numeric
manipulations and spit them out.
And I am hoping now you can start to
see the direction that Shiny gadgets
is going to go from here to
actually be useful for you.
So next we'll actually do
an interactive graphic.